today I'm going to play golden ax and I'm not going to
play arcade
can play duel and must choose
the habit
is the guy who handed out the chair
Let's see
here I have not said anything but this mode
game is about the place
but you have to beat the enemy
112 life-long survival of fence
against two marines with cabbage and flowers in
hands
method the eggs that we have enemies
because while one is stuck, the
another has so many
to the flying women
two
come to repair
let's go now a queer and the dragon had
two types of dragons of these one was
blue that spit a flare excuse
for its loss and better
how easy it is to launch from here
and ready
what
two
fuck what memories of this fucking shit
shit fuck the skeletons never
they liked it because they were diving
with the whores closed
the nice ones
take back i
let's go there I hope to get through
at least at level 10
I think that 's too much
the 'latin jazz' here with the legs
this is life
true
luxury plaza
Red your routine
I said level 10 I meant 6 stores
no
attack are now both
that way the man bitch is going to go
to the men marcillo marcilla splinter
this is from the power rangers box it
launched from the days where I have the head
that are three that are no longer two are three
is that now I'm
violated 24 hours you know
Worry and eat more
good level 8
a super improved skeleton plus the
day goes by and I'm still fighting here
a fucking voice I have to do that the
pirula yes no no no progress if I do not advance
has the maximum
new
it's like better to exist
and in the air she jumped the tiger so good
good
p davis and very serious the buses of the
first stage over kilos
allowed an exit and I do not even want to see
ah
own reports
two
and there it is
but if they are dead, they are dead
9 in 10
and I'm going to tell you one thing guys this one
touch of life and I face against here
the super paladin super paladin paladin
to the cup
not to do anything my fucking son
but hey he reaches level 10 which was the
level 10 gral
the key point that I wanted
to arrive and none of this is over at
point strength of the 135 effort like this
is what expectations and was first of the
quiet
I leave you goodbye